---
page_title: "slack_conversation Data Source - slack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch a conversation.
---

# slack_conversation (Data Source)

Fetch a conversation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read in a existing Slack conversation
data "slack_conversation" "example" {
 id = "C99ZZ999ZZZ"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier for this conversation.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) A Unix timestamp indicating when the conversation was created.
- `creator` (String) The ID for the user that created the conversation.
- `is_archived` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is archived.
- `is_channel` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is a channel.
- `is_ext_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is externally shared.
- `is_general` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is general.
- `is_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is a group.
- `is_im` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is an IM.
- `is_member` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is a member.
- `is_open` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is open.
- `is_org_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is org shared.
- `is_pending_ext_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is a pending external share.
- `is_private` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is private.
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the conversation is shared.
- `last_read` (String) The last time the conversation was read.
- `latest` (Attributes) The latest post in the conversation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--latest))
- `locale` (String) The locale set for the conversation.
- `name` (String) The name of the conversation.
- `name_normalized` (String) The name field, but with any non-Latin characters filtered out.
- `num_members` (Number) The number of members in the conversation.
- `priority` (Number) The conversation's priority value.
- `purpose` (Attributes) The conversation's purpose object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--purpose))
- `topic` (Attributes) The conversation's topic object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic))
- `unlinked` (Number) Conversation unlinked value.
- `unread_count` (Number) The count of unread messages in the conversation.
- `unread_count_display` (Number) The unread count display value.
- `user` (String) The ID for the user who started the conversation.

<a id="nestedatt--latest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `latest`

Read-Only:

- `text` (String) The text of the post.
- `ts` (String) A Unix timestamp for the post.
- `type` (String) The type of post.
- `user` (String) The ID of the user that made the post.


<a id="nestedatt--purpose"></a>
### Nested Schema for `purpose`

Read-Only:

- `creator` (String) The ID for the creator of the purpose.
- `last_set` (Number) A Unix timestamp indicating when the purpose was last set.
- `value` (String) The conversation's purpose.


<a id="nestedatt--topic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic`

Read-Only:

- `creator` (String) The ID for the creator of the topic.
- `last_set` (Number) A Unix timestamp indicating when the topic was last set.
- `value` (String) The conversation's topic.
