---
page_title: "slack_user Data Source - slack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetch a user.
---

# slack_user (Data Source)

Fetch a user.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read in a existing Slack user
data "slack_user" "example" {
 id = "U99ZZ9USZ9Z00"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier for this workspace user.

### Read-Only

- `color` (String) Used in some clients to display a special username color.
- `deleted` (Boolean) This user has been deactivated when the value of this field is true.
- `enterprise_user` (Attributes) An object containing info related to an Enterprise Grid user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--enterprise_user))
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is an Admin of the current workspace.
- `is_app_user` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is an authorized user of the calling app.
- `is_bot` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is actually a bot user.
- `is_owner` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is an Owner of the current workspace.
- `is_primary_owner` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is the Primary Owner of the current workspace.
- `is_restricted` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the user is a guest user.
- `is_stranger` (Boolean) If true, this user belongs to a different workspace than the one associated with your app's token, and isn't in any shared channels visible to your app.
- `is_ultra_restricted` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the user is a single-channel guest.
- `name` (String) Deprecated. It once indicated the preferred username for a user.
- `profile` (Attributes) The profile object contains the default fields of a user's workspace profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--profile))
- `real_name` (String) The user's first and last name
- `team_id` (String) Identifier for this workspace user's team.
- `tz` (String) A human-readable string for the geographic timezone-related region this user has specified in their account.
- `tz_label` (String) Describes the commonly used name of the tz timezone.
- `tz_offset` (Number) Indicates the number of seconds to offset UTC time by for this user's tz.
- `updated` (String) A Unix timestamp indicating when the user object was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--enterprise_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enterprise_user`

Read-Only:

- `enterprise_id` (String) A unique ID for the Enterprise Grid organization this user belongs to.
- `enterprise_name` (String) A display name for the Enterprise Grid organization.
- `id` (String) This user's ID - some Grid users have a kind of dual identity — a local, workspace-centric user ID as well as a Grid-wise user ID, called the Enterprise user ID.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is an Admin of the Enterprise Grid organization.
- `is_owner` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user is an Owner of the Enterprise Grid organization.
- `teams` (List of String) An array of workspace IDs that are in the Enterprise Grid organization.


<a id="nestedatt--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name the user has chosen to identify themselves by in their workspace profile.
- `display_name_normalized` (String) The display_name field, but with any non-Latin characters filtered out.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `image_192` (String) Contains the URL for the 192 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_24` (String) Contains the URL for the 24 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_32` (String) Contains the URL for the 32 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_48` (String) Contains the URL for the 48 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_512` (String) Contains the URL for the 512 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_72` (String) Contains the URL for the 72 pixel square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `image_original` (String) Contains the URL for the original square ratio, web-viewable images (GIFs, JPEGs, or PNGs) that represent a user's profile picture.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `phone` (String) The user's phone number, in any format.
- `real_name` (String) The user's first and last name.
- `real_name_normalized` (String) The real_name field, but with any non-Latin characters filtered out.
- `status_emoji` (String) The displayed emoji that is enabled for the Slack team, such as :train:.
- `status_expiration` (Number) The Unix Timestamp of when the status will expire.
- `status_text` (String) The displayed text of up to 100 characters.
- `team` (String) The user's team ID.
- `title` (String) The user's title.
